README.md, before:

This is a list of links we may need to software, guides, tutorials, and more. If you have an addition you'd like to see, make a PR.

# Software

| **Name**                                                | **Description**                       | **Notes**                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|---------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Ubuntu 18.04](http://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04.4/)     | The latest LTS build of Ubuntu.       |                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) | Creates and manages virtual machines. | To improve the VM experience, don't forget to install the VirtualBox guest additions ([guide for Ubuntu](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-virtualbox-guest-additions-in-ubuntu/)) |

Commit message:

Add website category to links

README.md, after:

This is a list of links for software, guides, tutorials, and more. If you have an addition you'd like to see, make a PR.

# Software

| **Name**                                                | **Description**                       | **Notes**                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|---------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Ubuntu 18.04](http://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04.4/)     | The latest LTS build of Ubuntu.       |                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) | Creates and manages virtual machines. | To improve the VM experience, don't forget to install the VirtualBox guest additions ([guide for Ubuntu](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-virtualbox-guest-additions-in-ubuntu/)) |

# Website

| **Name**                                                                  | **Description**                             | **Notes** |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|-----------|
| [GitHub table generator](https://www.tablesgenerator.com/markdown_tables) | Useful for creating GitHub markdown tables. |           |
